This Miss Song is too beautiful, right?
I heard that the Song family and the eldest son of the Gao mansion, Lamb, have a marriage contract
It's really cheap for him.
Where did you hear from?
The Song family has long gone to the Gao Mansion to annul the marriage
The whole Chang'an knows that you don't know
I'm not in Chang'an during this time
How can I know such a big deal?
Who is Miss Song standing here waiting for?
It's Mr. Cui
According to reports, Cui Zhuangyuan went to Qingshui Town
Suppress General Liang with thunder
Just a few days
Then Qingshui Zhenliang will write 100 characters once
Down to 82
Once your lady is here to greet you
It seems that the Song family and the Cui family are married in friendship.
I really don't care about Gao Fu at all
Qingqing is under the order of his father
Specially here to welcome Miss Song to welcome Cui
It's really Cui Moutian's popularity
Father has set up a reception banquet for the son
Cuibo will be in the mansion to pick up the wind and clean up the dust for the son
Good to wait for Cui's famous female emperor, Her Majesty will go immediately
Hahaha
Cui Zhuangyan returns from sainthood
Tomorrow's Dynasty
Even if you are engaged in Qianlong
It can't be stopped. It's a big deal for the court
The old man will join you
Hahahaha
This Song family
He really didn't take me seriously.
He actually let that Song Qingqing pick up Cui Xinghe in public
This is outrageous.
Songjiaquan Fuji
The empress lacks a confidant
The Song family bet on Cui Xinghe
Is this hard to understand?
These women did not marry into my high mansion
That's a blessing too!
Cui Xinhe returned to Chang'an early
That means that the overall situation of Qingshui City has been decided
At least 82 words a fight
This beast
I told him before I left
Better not to do it than to do it wrong
Otherwise, how could it lead to such a catastrophe?
The old man feels relieved
This stupid king treasury
Even a fool
Would not do such ridiculous behavior
What does this prove?
Prove that the sheep is thinking of a trick
Otherwise, how to face difficulties
full of economy
What about the Cui family champion?
My Gao family would rather die standing
Can't live on your knees
As long as the old man is there
Can protect the Gao family
And these decades of intuition tell the old man
Sheep are not mediocre
The board is unfinished.
How can you win easily?